Add Sauce Labs in description (#9)
saucelabs/saucectl-run-action: README.md

# Saucectl Run Action from Sauce Labs

> This action install and launch [saucectl](https://github.com/saucelabs/saucectl/) tests. \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action installs [saucectl](https://github.com/saucelabs/saucectl/) and launches tests. \
```
